It's been about 15 or 20 minutes for me.
So I'm now going to open up a new browser tab and try to navigate to my application at ticketing app
product XYZ so I can open up a new browser.
I'm going to navigate over there.
And lo and behold, the application actually appears awesome.
Now, as you can see, I've kind of recorded this video once or twice before, so there already is a
ticket here that I have created.
But once I'm here, I can definitely try to create a new account.
I should be able to sign up with a new account.
I should then be able to sell a ticket so I could put in something like.
Football match.
20 bucks.
And there is my ticket right there.
I can then view it and attempt to purchase it.
I can get up that stripe window.
One of my fake credit card number because our stripe account is still in test mode.
And after that, I should be told that everything is good to go.
Yeah.
There we go.
There's my ticket.
Complete.
So that is pretty much it.
Our application is now deployed.
So now if we ever want to make a change, the process.
Well, we've gone through it several times now.
We're going to make some changes on a branch, push those up to GitHub, make a pull request, merge
that into master.
As soon as we do, our new images will be built and applied to the cluster.
That's it.
That's how we make changes over time.
That is pretty much it for this course.
That is all the topics we are going to go over.
But I'm sure you might be curious about how we can expand this application because, well, we're definitely
kind of light on the styling side.
We never really built in the idea of some transferable information about tickets.
In other words, when you purchase a ticket, nothing really happens beyond saying, Hey, this is now
assigned to you, so there might be some features you want to add in.
So check out the next video.
I'm going to put in a couple of notes on some things you can expand on in this application, along with
some possible ways of implementing those steps.